Sammysteiner/issue 322 adr replication tool (#495)
HHS/grants-equity: documentation/decisions/adr/2023-09-07-data-replication-tool.md

- Real-time vs. batch replication: determine whether real-time data replication or if batch replication at scheduled intervals is sufficient.
- Latency and performance: consider the latency and performance to ensure timely data updates and minimal impact on system performance.
- Security and encryption: replication tool provides adequate security features, including data encryption and secure data transmission.
- Monitoring and alerting: to promptly identify and address replication issues.
- Ease of use and configuration: Evaluate the tool's user-friendliness and ease of configuration, as complex setup processes can lead to inefficiencies.
- Scalability: Determine if the replication tool can scale to accommodate future growth and increased data demands.
- Cost: Consider the licensing and operational costs
- Support and community: Assess availability of support options and the size and activity of the tool's user community.

## Options Considered

- Use Production Database
- Use AWS DMS (Database Migration Service)
- Create new data pipelines from data sources

## Decision Outcome

> Chosen option: Use AWS DMS, because it is the only option that allows us to deliver within our period of performance and doensn't impact the production database' ability to perform its existing role.

Reviewer: nit: a couple typos (`doensn't`, `database'`)

Author: Thanks! went through the doc again for typos.

> 

Reviewer 2: Is it also FedRAMP compliant? I assume it is.

Author: Yes, it is FedRAMP compliant. I'll add that context with a link.

### Positive Consequences

- This solution will allow us to not only replicate the data, but transform it as well. This will allow us to pilot schema changes very quickly without having to spend the time creating new data pipelines from the original data sources
- This approach allows us to only replicate what we need when we need it, ruducing the cost of replication, and limiting our security exposure.

> - If we impliment DMS with the intention of adding additional tables, or even replicating the entire database, this will be an agile tool to support us until we're able to deprecate the Oracle databse.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If we implement DMS with the intention of adding additional tables, or even replicating the entire database, this will be an agile tool to support us until we're able to deprecate the Oracle database.
```
